Add volume coupling in Interface class (#182)
precice/openfoam-adapter: 182.md

# ChangeLog: Volume Coupling for OpenFOAM v2012 adapter PR #182

The PR contains the edits required for doing Volume coupling.

Added `locationsType == "volume"`

To keep this PR simple I did not add the usage of the volume field.
Another PR can be opened for that, specifically Generic volume scalar field and Generic volume vector field.

This is in regards to issue[ #591](https://precice.discourse.group/t/extending-openfoam-adapter-for-volumetric-coupling/591) opened on Discourse.

## Usage: 

in `Fluid/system/preciceDict`

```

interfaces
{
  Interface1
  {
    mesh              Fluid-Mesh-PV;
    patches           ();
    locations         volume;
    
    readData
    (
        Volume_field_data_to_read
    );
    
    writeData
    (
        Volume_field_data_to_write
    );
  };
};

```

> Ofcourse the volume dataFields `Volume_field_data_to_read` and `Volume_field_data_to_write` needs to be added to a module in order to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course the volume dataFields `Volume_field_data_to_read` and `Volume_field_data_to_write` needs to be added to a module in order to use them.
```
